Add link to latest release in README (#2161)
modelica/fmi-standard: README.md

The Functional Mock-up Interface (FMI) is a free standard that defines an interface to exchange dynamic models using a combination of XML files, binaries and C code.
It's supported by [270+ tools](https://fmi-standard.org/tools/) and maintained as a [Modelica Association Project](https://modelica.org/association/).

> [Latest release](https://fmi-standard.org/docs/latest/) and the [latest development version](https://fmi-standard.org/docs/main/) of the specification are available on the [FMI website](https://fmi-standard.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases are available on the [FMI website](https://fmi-standard.org/) and the latest development version of the specification is available [here](https://fmi-standard.org/docs/main/).
```

As discussed in the fmi design meeting on 2026-05-05.
